Washington, D.C. has four seasons: winter, spring, summer and autumn or fall.
My favorite season is summer because of summer vacation!
Hey, that will be a great subject for my new work assignment -- the children’s show.
I can teach what families in the U.S. do during summer vacation.
Today, I’m planning the show with Amelia.
This is the first time we are working together.
I hope we can work well together.
Hi, Amelia!
●●●
●●
●
Hi, Anna!
So, what are we going to talk about on the first show?
I want to talk about summer vacation.
●●●
●●
●
That will be fun!
Are you going on vacation this summer?
No. This summer I am too busy.
●●●
●●
●
That’s too bad.
It’s okay.
I can go on vacation next summer.
This show will be a lot of fun too!
●●●
●●
●
So, Anna, what’s the plan for the show?
First, we’re going to introduce the subject.
Then we can show pictures and video.
●●●
●●
●
We can show tons of video!
Right! We can interview children and have guests, too.
●●●
●●
●
Kids can ask us questions.
Great idea!
Finally, we can read the questions and tell them where to learn more.
●●●
●●
●
Okay, let’s try it!
Let’s do it!
Hi there! And welcome to …
Amelia, we don’t have a name for the show.
●●●
●●
●
We’ll think of a name later.
For now, we'll call it “The Show.”
Hi there! And welcome to “The Show.”
Today we are going to take you on a summer vacation!
You will see popular things to do on vacation!
One is camping.
When you go camping, you cook, sleep and play outdoors!
●●●
●●
●
When I go camping, Anna, I like to go hiking and fishing.
Me, too.
Those are fun things to do when you go camping!
These people are hiking.
●●●
●●
●
Okay, let’s talk about the next vacation.
Another popular summer vacation is going to an amusement park.
At an amusement park, you go on rides and eat lots of fun food!
●●●
●●
●
I love cotton candy and rollercoasters!
This show is going to be a lot of fun.
I know!
This is riding a rollercoaster!
●●●
●●
●
What is the last vacation?
One of the most popular vacations is going to the beach!
●●●
●●
●
I love the beach!
When I see that blue ocean, I want to leave Washington, D.C. immediately and go to the beach!
Maybe next summer.
●●●
●●
●
But right now, it’s time to work!
Right. Until next time.